README.md, before:

# Prediction Market Analytics Initiative <img src="assets/trilemma_foundation_white.png" alt="Trilemma Foundation" width="200" align="right">

Welcome to the open source commons for the [Hypertrial.ai](https://www.hypertrial.ai/) [OddsFox](https://www.oddsfox.io/) microproduct. Maintained by Trilemma Foundation, this repository is the gateway to making contributions to the product.

---

<table width="100%" style="background-color:#E6F7FF; text-align:center; table-layout:fixed;">
  <tr>
    <td>
      <div style="font-size:24px; font-weight:800; margin-bottom:6px;">
        Open Source
      </div>
      <div style="font-size:12px; font-weight:800; font-style:italic;">
        Built by technical talent advancing open prediction market research.
      </div>
    </td>
    <td>
      <div style="font-size:24px; font-weight:800; margin-bottom:6px;">
        Signal Engine
      </div>
      <div style="font-size:12px; font-weight:800; font-style:italic;">
        Extract real-world signals from prediction market data.
      </div>
    </td>
    <td>
      <div style="font-size:24px; font-weight:800; margin-bottom:6px;">
        Real-World Utility
      </div>
      <div style="font-size:12px; font-weight:800; font-style:italic;">
        Turn market probabilities into actionable insight.
      </div>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

---

## 🚀 Find How You Will Contribute

| Path                                  | Description                                                                             | Link                                                                                  |
|---------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **🎓 University Capstones**           | Trilemma Foundation capstone projects hosted at leading STEM programs worldwide. | [Jump to University Capstone Projects](#university-capstone-projects)                                       |
| **🔓 Contribute Open Source**         | Contribute to the main logic powering our microproduct via our OddsFox python library. | [Jump to Contribute Open Source](#contribute-open-source)                                           |
| **🏆 Tournaments**                    | Global, free-to-enter competitions. Prove your performance in public. | [Jump to Tournaments](#tournaments)                               |

<p align="center">
  <img src="assets/Microproducts.svg" alt="Microproducts">
</p>

---

## University Capstone Projects

[Trilemma Foundation](https://www.trilemma.foundation/) sponsors capstone, practicum, and internship projects with leading STEM programs around the world. Students contribute to open-source research, receive mentorship, and build a public portfolio of industry work.  

**Examples:**  

- [Georgia Tech MSA · Spring 2026](https://github.com/TrilemmaFoundation/GT-MSA-Spring-26)  

👉 [View other capstone projects or inquire about collaborating](https://www.trilemma.foundation/projects).  

---

## Contribute Open Source

⏳ We are working to launch the OddsFox Python library soon!  

The OddsFox Python library will encompass the core logic powering our microproduct. It will be open source, actively maintained, and designed for contributors of all skill levels.

This is your chance to:

- Contribute to production-grade code used in real-world prediction market analytics
- Work with modern Python development practices and tools
- Build your portfolio with meaningful open source contributions
- Collaborate with a global community of developers and researchers

Until launch, contribute to Soccer Analytics or the Bitcoin Analytics Initiative — both powered by OddsFox data.

👉 [View soccer-analytics-capstone-template](https://github.com/TrilemmaFoundation/soccer-analytics-capstone-template).  
👉 [View bitcoin-analytics-capstone-template](https://github.com/TrilemmaFoundation/bitcoin-analytics-capstone-template).  

---

## Tournaments

Tournaments are **equal-opportunity competitions** where talent proves itself, and gets directly rewarded.

👉 [Visit trilemma.foundation/tournaments](https://www.trilemma.foundation/tournaments) to stay up to date with the latest tournaments

---

Commit message:

Enhance README with Knowledge Problem and vision
Expanded the README with insights on the Knowledge Problem and the vision for prediction markets.

README.md, after:

# Prediction Market Analytics Initiative <img src="assets/trilemma_foundation_white.png" alt="Trilemma Foundation" width="200" align="right">

Welcome to the open source commons for the [Hypertrial.ai](https://www.hypertrial.ai/) [OddsFox](https://www.oddsfox.io/) microproduct. Maintained by Trilemma Foundation, this repository is the gateway to making contributions to the product.

---

<table width="100%" style="background-color:#E6F7FF; text-align:center; table-layout:fixed;">
  <tr>
    <td>
      <div style="font-size:24px; font-weight:800; margin-bottom:6px;">
        Open Source
      </div>
      <div style="font-size:12px; font-weight:800; font-style:italic;">
        Built by technical talent advancing open prediction market research.
      </div>
    </td>
    <td>
      <div style="font-size:24px; font-weight:800; margin-bottom:6px;">
        Signal Engine
      </div>
      <div style="font-size:12px; font-weight:800; font-style:italic;">
        Extract real-world signals from prediction market data.
      </div>
    </td>
    <td>
      <div style="font-size:24px; font-weight:800; margin-bottom:6px;">
        Real-World Utility
      </div>
      <div style="font-size:12px; font-weight:800; font-style:italic;">
        Turn market probabilities into actionable insight.
      </div>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

---

<img src="assets/oddsfox.png" alt="OddsFox Logo" width="200">

In 1945, Friedrich Hayek identified the Knowledge Problem: the reality that essential information is fragmented and hidden among millions of individuals. He proposed that markets are the ultimate tool for aggregating this decentralized knowledge into a single, usable signal: Price.

Decades of evidence, from the 1988 launch of the Iowa Electronic Markets to the definitive call by Polymarket on the 2024 US Election, consistently prove that prediction markets outperform experts and polls. Much like early deep learning models could identify handwritten digits before we understood their internal mechanisms, prediction markets currently function as highly effective but poorly understood black boxes.

## Vision 
We are treating prediction markets not just as a trading venue, but as a high-fidelity data provider for collective information. Just as peering into the deep learning black box enabled the leap from simple image recognition to full self-driving, uncovering the mechanics of market accuracy will allow us to transition from textbook theory to high-utility, real-world applications.


--- 

## 🚀 Find How You Will Contribute

| Path                                  | Description                                                                             | Link                                                                                  |
|---------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **🎓 University Capstones**           | Trilemma Foundation capstone projects hosted at leading STEM programs worldwide. | [Jump to University Capstone Projects](#university-capstone-projects)                                       |
| **🔓 Contribute Open Source**         | Contribute to the main logic powering our microproduct via our OddsFox python library. | [Jump to Contribute Open Source](#contribute-open-source)                                           |
| **🏆 Tournaments**                    | Global, free-to-enter competitions. Prove your performance in public. | [Jump to Tournaments](#tournaments)                               |

<p align="center">
  <img src="assets/Microproducts.svg" alt="Microproducts">
</p>

---

## University Capstone Projects

[Trilemma Foundation](https://www.trilemma.foundation/) sponsors capstone, practicum, and internship projects with leading STEM programs around the world. Students contribute to open-source research, receive mentorship, and build a public portfolio of industry work.  

**Examples:**  

- [Georgia Tech MSA · Spring 2026](https://github.com/TrilemmaFoundation/GT-MSA-Spring-26)  

👉 [View other capstone projects or inquire about collaborating](https://www.trilemma.foundation/projects).  

---

## Contribute Open Source

⏳ We are working to launch the OddsFox Python library soon!  

The OddsFox Python library will encompass the core logic powering our microproduct. It will be open source, actively maintained, and designed for contributors of all skill levels.

This is your chance to:

- Contribute to production-grade code used in real-world prediction market analytics
- Work with modern Python development practices and tools
- Build your portfolio with meaningful open source contributions
- Collaborate with a global community of developers and researchers

Until launch, contribute to Soccer Analytics or the Bitcoin Analytics Initiative — both powered by OddsFox data.

👉 [View soccer-analytics-capstone-template](https://github.com/TrilemmaFoundation/soccer-analytics-capstone-template).  
👉 [View bitcoin-analytics-capstone-template](https://github.com/TrilemmaFoundation/bitcoin-analytics-capstone-template).  

---

## Tournaments

Tournaments are **equal-opportunity competitions** where talent proves itself, and gets directly rewarded.

👉 [Visit trilemma.foundation/tournaments](https://www.trilemma.foundation/tournaments) to stay up to date with the latest tournaments

---
